This time, we have nothing to talk about. We are literally recording a podcast about nothing.
I feel the fear creeping in in my stomach. It really is kind of scary.
What's going on with you? That time, we're going to Florida in a couple of weeks.
I don't think I told you this. Oh, really? Where are you?
We're going to St. Pete. That's where Casey just went for that volleyball thing.
That's on the west side of Florida. It's Tampa. Yeah, it's like combined with Tampa.
It's like a suburb of Tampa. I don't know. It's just like St. Pete and Tamper all in once.
How long are you going for? After like six days in a couple of weeks.
I think we're leaving on the 19th. What are your plans?
Like this podcast we don't have any. We have no plans. Just going to be on the beach.
Maybe me and Liz will stop by for a day or something. Oh, that'd be amazing.
Could you guys really? I don't know how far of a drive it is.
I mean, we don't mind long drives. We got because we used to do the New York to Florida drive.
So we've gone like our good habits for long drives and we can't look forward to it now.
I don't know how far that can't be too far. Let me let me look it up.
Yeah, I like long drives alone. Like I drove when we moved back from Naples,
back to the Ozarks. They flew and I drove all our stuff.
And I love like just listening to it's like a reason to listen to like 20 hours of audiobooks.
But to be honest, like with people, not so not so big a fan. It's I don't know.
By people, do you mean children? Literally any other human beings in the car.
Anybody. I don't enjoy long drives.
So me and Liz also do the same thing where we listen to audiobooks and we got really
into listening to like the best sci-fi short stories because the short story will be like two
to three hours. Not a short story, like no, the novella or whatever, like the other forms.
It'll be like two to three hours. So it's perfect. So two or three hours, we can focus on one thing.
And you'll just like sit beside each other listening. You're each listening to the same book or
different books. No, the same book. It's like going. Oh, okay. That makes far more sense. Yeah. Okay.
Why would you assume we're looking at different books like you're sitting next to each other
with your own air pods and listening to different books? I don't know. I had all kinds of questions
if that was the case. But no, no, no, no. We're listening to the same book and a lot of these
sci-fi short stories are like really thrilling and engaging. Like they're short, so they resolve.
So it's not like this 20 hour thing. But yes, another really suspenseful and we get just really
drawn into it and we'll just sit and listen and won't say anything for like two hours.
And then the end will be like, whoa, that was crazy. Is it like an audio black mirror kind of thing?
Like that type of short story? Yeah, exactly, exactly. And there's like, there's like,
so George RR Martin, who, who would do all the Game of Thrones stuff, he's got, I think,
two really good novellas or novel, I forgot what they're called. I've literally never
heard that word, by the way. I'm just those aren't going to weigh over here,
when you say it, I'm like, I bet that's an actual word. Well, the way we go about this is we go to
the Hugo Awards, which are like, you know, I think, I think it's sci-fi and fantasy awards,
and then they have different categories and they have like novel, short story, novella, novelette.
I don't know what they mean, but you know, different lengths, I think. Yeah, so he's got one called
Sand Kings, and it's like this horror slash sci-fi thing, and it's like a really slow build up.
And it's excellent. And that was the first one I listened to. And then since then, we've just been
really into doing that. Yeah, I don't know about horror, but you had me up to that point. I think
we could do like- It's not like horror, horror. It's just like, it's like a light horror. It's
like suspenseful. You know, it's like building up to something. Soft core horror, if you will.
You can't listen to it with your kids in the car, for sure. Okay. Well, yeah, we will always
have our kids in the car. That's the thing about kids. They always come with you everywhere you go.
And this is why we were talking about having AirPods and ignoring the other person. Yeah, exactly.
Having a good time in the front seat by myself. You guys are flying, I'm assuming.
We're flying. Yeah, yeah. It's our first time flying with our three-year-old. So
Asa, our eight-year-old, we flew all over the place. It was when we started Stamp News. So we
were like, he's been to like eight states. Like, before he was two, he had flown like a dozen times,
and Archer has never been in a plane. So kind of terrified, like, that he's just going to freak
out as we're taking off. Like, no, don't want to do this. If he knows what we're doing, like,
I can't handle thinking about what you're doing in a plane. Like, the fact that you're so high up
going so fast just freaks me out. If I think about it, I don't know if he'll really comprehend
that that's what's happening. So I hope not. But yeah, first time in a plane with him.
So what were you saying before you said something about Casey?
Oh, Casey just has this thing where you said, like, you'll go to the awards. She has this thing
where she doesn't like things that people like. Like, if critics, if they get good reviews, any
movie that gets good reviews, she just totally hates it immediately. Like, she doesn't want to
watch stuff that's critically acclaimed or listen to stuff. And for the longest time, I tried to tell
you, you've got to listen to serial. Have you ever listened to podcast serial? I hate that category
of content. Oh, really? Well, there you go. Well, why do you hate it? Because I actually like it.
So now I feel like we have different tastes, but I thought we had similar tastes. Wait, so cereal
is that thing about it's like one of those crime podcast. It's a crime. Yeah. Yeah. She's like,
really good at storytelling, though. She just like, she's very engaging, except she did another one.
And then I didn't like it. The Bo Bird song one was like, I don't know, can't get into it.
But Sarah, I loved, like, love loved. Yeah, people got super in there. Everyone was talking about
that. And there's been a bunch of us. Are you Casey? You don't like it? Because people got
super into it. Is that what you're telling me right now? Well, you know, that is my persona,
so I can relate to that. But that's that's actually not that's actually not the reason. I actually,
I have my reason for it, but it's going to sound like a moral judgment of people that like it.
No, go ahead. Judge me. Judge me. It's not a judgment. It's just like, there's a part of me that
when certain things are real and also entertainment, there's like a part of me that can't
like stop thinking about that. And I kind of feel weird that I'm using this real thing that
happens. This happens to this click for me a very long time ago. There was a day when I was like
looking through some some app, whatever, to like figure out what to watch. And I remember I was
watching something really stupid. And then I was like, looking for my next piece of entertainment.
And I was like, there's a bag when vice documentaries were like, kind of popular. Yeah, let me watch
this. This looks fun. And it was about to my terrible situation. Because of course, all vice
documentaries are about that. And in my head, I was just kind of like, this is so weird that I was
just watching like something really stupid. And I'm just looking to be entertained. And now I pick
this other thing about these people like suffering on the other side of the planet. It's kind of like,
I think some people have this with meat where they realize like where meat comes from. Like,
I think maybe you literally have to do this and they just can't eat it again. Yeah, it's kind of
a similar thing for me with those like crime. Interesting. Okay. Things.
You're feeling a little, a little judged. Not too bad, though. I see where you're coming from.
The other side of it is people listen to this up and just get so freaked out.
Like this is a lot. She lives as friends listen to this stuff. And they just constantly talk about
being murdered. Like, I never had that feeling. I didn't feel more endangered. But I loved it.
The serial podcast, I thought was so good. I finally got Casey to listen to it. And she loved it too.
So I feel like if you'd just give it a chance, no, I'm sure I would like it. I don't hear about
the category, just the podcast serial. I need you to listen to that specific podcast and tell me
if it's good or not. It probably is because everyone loves it. Like it's definitely good.
Exactly. I don't automatically hate stuff everyone likes, but it's okay. So going back to the original
thing, I like the Hugo Awards because I don't think it's necessarily the typical like, oh, it's
Oscar, it's like one in Oscar type of thing. It feels more like narrow. I feel like the people that,
I don't even know what the process is or how they select winners. I feel like they typically pick
stuff that I like. So for me, it's just a nice place to go to being like, okay, they've already
checked all the things. Yeah. You found somebody that has your taste like a site that just resonates.
That makes sense. Yeah. Can we talk about how you and my wife are the same person and why am I
drawn to people that are mean to me? That's all I'm thinking about right now is like you guys have
so many similarities. And you both also are kind of mean to me. And I feel like I invite it.
Do I seek out punishment? What is going on? Well, list all the things that you find or the top
things that you find similar. Well, then the one that sticks out is that you're mean to me.
Not mean to me, but just like you kind of pick on me and I'm thinking about the relationships
I've had that are similar. But just now, I mean, in this conversation, like similarities with how
you view media and how I don't know, I don't have a lot of them. Does that make this whole
conversation not as fun? Just like I'm noticing a vibe. It's a vibe that you guys have that are
similar. The pick on you thing. Is that just me and Casey or is that everyone in your life?
It's most of my close relationships. It's like I have to have somebody that picks on me.
Is it because I don't care? I really don't care when I get picked on. Some people maybe can't handle
it. Is that it? I invite it because I can handle it. Well, this is my relationship with every
anyone that I'm close with. So I like filter out anyone that doesn't like that type of relationship.
Okay. So you get something out of being able to like poke at people?
It's just a way that I don't know. Okay. It's the thing I said the other day. It's the East Coast
thing? No, it's intrusive. Well, that also, but it's also the intrusive thought thing where I feel
like I'm always just having all these like really weird intrusive thoughts of like, that would be
crazy if I said that out loud. And then what people I'm comfortable with, I can like do that to some
degree. Yeah. And that's what feels fun about it. And it's also funny to me that I did say it out loud,
you know? Yeah. But that's where it comes from. And the other side, I think all wives pick on their
husbands. Oh, okay. There's Liz that way with you. You're not picking on you? Oh, no. You literally
had two data points to work with on this phone call. And it's 50%. You just said all she doesn't
pick on you. Do you pick on her less than I do with everyone else? But yes, some degree. Wait,
why do you pick on her less? Let's go let's pick at this. I'm going to this is therapy right now.
Does she have the power in your relationship? Do you feel like? Are you worried of?
No, she has a lot of power in our relationship, for sure. But I think it's more that so this case,
by the way, I mean, we all know that. Okay. Can I just have something? Okay, keep on.
You should ask her. Yeah. I think that there with your wife, there's like another dimension
of romance. And I do think you can't just do the picking thing. Because I like, I think it's
innately incompatible with the romance side. So it's like, needs to be a little bit more balanced.
Whereas I can just pick on you 100% of the time, because I'm not trying to be romantic with you.
That's true. Yeah. Okay. I don't think I'm romantic. I don't think I have that emotion. I don't have
something about it. Can I say that? Do I sound like a jerk? Okay. But like, go back to the beginning.
I know this is a long time ago, because you guys met in high school, right? No, this story is just
going to get worse. But go ahead. Okay. But I am curious, like, were you different than or like?
No, I've never had I honestly, I always thought I would just never marry because I wasn't that like
into relationships. I've had very few in my life. And even like, when Casey and I started dating,
I was very into her. But I'm just, I feel like I'm not, I always said I'm not a romantic. My brother
is super romantic. Like, he's like, just does all the things. And it's just like, amazing gestures
to every girlfriend he's ever had. He's had 100. And that's not like a bad, that's not like a
negative thing. Sorry. That's, that's not like a, like a slight. It's like, he's very, like,
gets invested and has really great, like sparks with people. I've just never had any of that.
And that's where I feel like sometimes I'm a robot, right? Like, it's just my lack of emotional
depth. Like I do nice things for Casey. But even when I do nice things, I don't feel like they're
romantic. Does that make sense? Yeah. I mean, I'm not a big gestures person. I think that's like,
that's like a common and I think obvious way to like express that. But I don't think that's
me either. I definitely am. I would say I probably am a romantic person, but more that
it just stems from me also being a dramatic person, I think. Like, I just like seeing everything
in life in this like dramatized way. You know, like, when I think about my work and like, I'm
working on a business and it's like, I have a very dramatic view of it. It's like,
we're doing this like crazy thing and there's all these people trying to stop us and like,
we have enemies and we have friends and we have, you know, all these like crazy situations.
Like, I just view things in that way because I like, yeah, I don't know, just, just what
natural would I do? And I think I express that also in our relationship and I can be like dramatic
about it. Not in like a melodramatic way, just like, I like to be intense and kind of express it
in like the most like movie like way possible. Yeah, yeah, I'm definitely dramatic. I'm learning
that about myself. So I guess we're both we're both into that. I'm moving both stream on Twitch.
So there's that tell. I think, I think the word, I want to like reclaim the word dramatic because
I feel like I've also recently discovered this is everything I just said about myself. I've also
recently discovered it's only once me and Liz got together, she pointed this out and I was like,
Oh, you know what? I never thought of myself as a dramatic person because I always thought
like I roll dramatic, you know, whenever I thought, yeah, yeah, the word, the negative
connotation to it for sure. Yeah, but she pointed out that, okay, it's not just that. It's also just
like having a level of intensity about things. And I like that description of it and I like that
part of it. So yeah, I think it's cool to be dramatic. I think we should talk about
being like liking drama because we all do a lot of us do all do. I mean, especially like, that's
the only reason I'm on Twitter for sure. I know. If there's not drama, it's just it's why why
even get on there? Yeah, like like the fate. Seeing the drama is great. Then pretending to be like,
Oh, you know, drama, like, you know, I hate when it's dramatic. Why can't we all get a lot like
that whole thing we all get to do? And then what after we say that, then we just start to like go
deeper into the drama. Yeah, yeah. That in itself is part of the drama. It's like being tired of
the drama. Yeah, yeah. Do you get Peter Brown jelly sandwiches? Do you? There was stuff I
had phases in my life where that was a big part of my life. So when you're younger, but not now,
like you would say their child like weirdly, I didn't really have them when I was a child,
because I didn't like peanut butter, the child, because I felt like I made my mouth too dry.
Okay, that makes, I mean, I get it. Nobody really likes peanut butter in their mouth, but it's,
I love to do the peanut butter in the mouth and then have like a glass of something.
I'm going to say milk and you're going to make fun of me because everyone makes fun of me when
I say I drink milk. No, I drink milk all the time. Okay, thank you. Why is everybody like
adult men drinking milk? What? My wife makes fun of me every single time I have a glass of milk.
Oh, I don't understand it. This was early on, I think the first time we came to Miami with Liz,
we went to like her favorite coffee shop and it's like this really like fancy like, not fancy,
but it's a very like hip place. And I ordered a cup of milk and she was just like,
Look at that's kind of funny to me. I don't know. It is funny. I just wouldn't do it in public,
probably, because I know people are judging me. It's just, I just love milk. It's just like,
it's just like, it's just like washes stuff down. It's just that it's really good. And it can,
milk and peanut butter, I actually would do a lot as well. Yeah. Yeah, I put peanut butter,
like on my waffles, my pancakes, and then with milk, oh, it's so good.
Yeah, it's great. I'll just, it's a great drink. I think back to the peanut butter and jelly thing.
Yeah. You don't think that's a childish food, like to eat peanut butter and jelly is fine as an
adult. No, it's, I don't know. I'm just not the right person to ask. I like, we have this in common.
I think a lot of things I do maybe are childish. Okay. Me too. Okay. Yeah, I love kid foods like
mac and cheese and peanut butter and jelly. Yeah, sometimes, I mean, I just mix it on. Why not?
It's a, I mean, I see a lot of PB and J's when I was maybe a couple years ago. Yeah, PB and J.
Sorry. I've been saying it like a buffoon, just spelling out the whole word, peanut butter and
jelly. I got to say so much time, PB and J. When you make a PB and J, do you, do you spread the
peanut butter on one piece of bread and then put the jelly on top of it? Or do you put the
jelly on the other piece of bread and then put them together? No, I put on other piece of bread.
Do you mix it on the same slice? I put, yeah, I put the peanut butter on and then I just
pour some jelly on top and I kind of move it around with the other piece of bread. Does that make
sense like spread it around? Okay, first, I was going to say that's ridiculous, but now that I'm
imagining it's actually better. It just depends on like, if it's jelly or jam because jam, you have
to spread because it's thicker. Wait, what jelly and jam are the same thing? You're talking about
something you pour out of a jar. Yeah. But can you imagine me thicker that you can't pour out of a jar?
Have you ever had something that isn't as viscous? Yeah, not as viscous. Wait, which one's which
then? So which one is the one you can't pour? I think I know what you're talking about. I think
jam is thicker and I think I prefer jam. You have to take a knife to it and it clumps. It's like
chunks of it. Come out. Well, I don't know about chunks. I'm imagining smooth, but like jello,
like jello. No, it's like jello. The other one is like jello consistency. I don't, I don't know.
I'm just saying there's, there's some. Okay, so what kind of, what's your, is like a brand
you go to as a local? Is it like, it's in our health food store. So it's like, what's it called?
Crofters? Crofters. It's like, yeah, it's not, it doesn't have any weird stuff in it. I don't know.
That's nice. Yeah, you know, we like to keep all the, the weird stuff out of our bodies,
but I can pour it. You can pour it. Yeah, no, I know what you're talking about. It's just the,
the usually the thing I, the jam that I get, jam jelly, whatever is, I can't pour it. So I
split it on the other side and I, okay, pop it together. But then do you have to use like two knives?
No, I wash, I wash, I do the jelly first, and then I, it's like, it's like a quick wash,
because the jelly comes off and then, you know, butter. Okay. Yeah. Oh, jelly first,
interesting. Sorry. I'll stop. We stopped talking about PB&J.
Well, we always talked about talking about your relationship with food and like how you guys do
food. Do you want to talk about that? Oh, did we talk already about how you're wrong when you do
keto? Did we already have that conversation? No. Or is that all? We've never done it.
We've never done it. And we've talked about how you're, you're, you're going to lose if you don't
have your wife with you. So that's true. I don't. Yeah. I literally don't have any opinions. I just,
I regurgitate everything I hear from my wife. And then I usually mess up a fact and the whole case
gets mad at you because you represented it wrong. Yeah. Yeah. So we can't have that conversation,
but we can talk about food. I'm doing a thing now. I'm, it's Adam Waffen tweeted about it. It's
called my body tutor. It's like us, the food psychology kind of thing. I can eat a ton and not
put on weight, just like my genetics, my grandpa was just like, he was always thin. I think like,
I'm internally putting on weight or something like on my organs. I just know it's not good for
me when I just eat the way I want to eat. I have this weird thing with food. I just feel like most
of the reasons I eat are not because I'm hungry. It's like my kids left food and I don't want to
throw it away. Why don't I want to throw it away? I should throw it away. So I'm doing this thing.
And I have to tell them what I eat every day. And they like give me all these encouraging messages.
It's nice encouraging messages like, well, what if you, what if you did bad? What if you ate too much?
So far, I haven't done bad. Because the thing is when you have to take pictures of everything you
eat and send them to somebody, you think about what you eat. That's it. Yeah. Yeah.
Eventually, they'll probably wear off. It'll make two weeks in. If it wears off,
then you can sign up from my program where I'd berate you every time you would.
So I just send you pictures. I just text you every single thing I eat and you'll just make fun of me.
Yeah. That'd be free. We could just do that for free. You can't stop me from texting.
I would pay you to do that. Oh, really? For me to be able to do that.
Sort of content or something? Are you going to put it on the internet or something?
No, just for personal enjoyment. Just to be able to roast you in another way.
Such a sadist. My wife is a sadist. I swear, just get so much out of poking me.
I feel like you're the same. Wait, isn't sadist when you enjoy not to masochist?
Other people's pain is other people's pain. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do love that. I love other
people's pain. I do. I do. I do love that. Yeah. The thing with eating, this is funny.
This came up with us too recently. My family also is kind of very naturally skinny.
And I will easily forget to eat. I'll easily forget to. I think I'm more likely to under eat
than overeat. And I've been as fast as I was a kid because I would get really bored of eating.
Like I would be halfway into a meal. I would just get really bored of the physical, active eating.
Sometimes I actually find certain foods tiring to eat. Like if I'm going to eat a sandwich and
it's kind of falling apart, that's going to result in me not eating the whole sandwich.
So sometimes I'm just saying. I know what you're saying there. Yeah. I don't like when my food is
hard to eat. Like when it's either the sandwich is so big, you can't even get your mouth around it
and you're squeezing stuff out. I hate that. Yeah. Like I'd rather just eat it in a bowl.
Just like give me a bowl. Exactly. My favorite food is soup. And I think I just like the various
soups that are out there. And I think it's because of this reason. I could eat soup forever and never
be full though. That's a problem for me. Yeah. No, like I could literally sit there at the table
and you could just keep serving me soup. And I feel like I'd never get full. I'm pretty big though.
Yeah. I'm a large adult man. I'm not so big. You're not small. I'm like exactly average for
America. Height. Maybe not weight. I'm happy to be an exactly average American. It's the only
place where I'm average in every possible way. So Liz was talking to my mom. And my mom has
had this thing her whole life because she's always been really skinny. And she's actually,
this is just going to annoy everyone. And this is the concept. This is the
concept. She's been really skinny. And she's always had to work hard to get to a weight that
she wants to be. Like gain weight, right? Up. Yeah, she has to go up. And she was complaining to Liz
being like, you know, all my friends that always make fun of me being like, you're so skinny and
I have to sit there and take it because I can't be like, well, you're really fat, you know?
Can't go the other way. Yeah, just complain about how like it's like, it's just as hard for me,
you know, like she's like, it's hard for me also. Like, it's not, it's not easy. And then
those are just like, none of this matters. Like you just literally can never say anything. Like,
it's just, I know it's unfair, but that just, this is the way way things are. I thought about it,
even while you were saying it, like, forget to eat, how tough that's, that's difficult. Yeah,
people hate it for you. I feel bad for you. Yeah. I definitely seen myself as I've gotten a little
bit older. I definitely have gained more weight. Still like weight, like none is not a problem at all,
but yeah, it happens even for people that are naturally skinny. Like you just get to a certain
age and you're retaining weight a little bit more. Yeah, I put it in my face, which sucks,
because it's the first thing anybody sees. Like I carry weight in my face. I swear that's the first
place it goes. It's really annoying. I mean, that's very common. And also, oh, really? Yeah, and also
you're on most people you know are on Twitch. So the only thing we see is your face. Yeah, exactly.
Most people on the internet will only ever see my face. And they're like, that guy.
Unless you start posting on other sites, on some other specific sites.
What are you implying? I can't make these jokes with you, because I feel like you just don't know
anything about anything. I know I've heard enough of the only fan stuff. I'll definitely get that
joke. That's funny. I definitely didn't know. I think Twitch taught me what it was. I'm pretty sure.
Well, I live in the OnlyFans capital. Oh, Miami. Yeah, that would be, that would be a big. Yeah,
I mean, just like, it's like LA and that like everything's very like appearance driven, right?
Miami is that way? Yeah, well, we have, we have this concept here called OnlyFans Towers.
And there's like this category of like brand new luxury, like luxury-ish buildings that have
popped up. And people call them OnlyFans Towers, because everyone that lives in them
makes their money from OnlyFans. Really? How does everyone know? It's a joke, but it's also kind,
it's also kind of real. You can just kind of tower like, there's like a vibe and aesthetic to it.
Interesting. Yeah, I would like you just to describe that aesthetic for me, please.
No, I'm going to get in trouble if I do that.
Okay, sure, okay.
Or not. You can go to OnlyFans.com and then you can do your own research.
Okay, yeah.
So how's it going with your house construction stuff? What's like the current projects?
You know, we're getting close to being like settled. I feel like two years in. We are going to do like
the backyard. So the back right now is just like, there's so much mulch because we were going to
plan a bunch of stuff and then we didn't plan a bunch of stuff. Well, we plan a bunch of stuff
in the front, not in the back. This is so boring. This is so like suburban America.
Like, why would you ask me this question?
This is the point. Okay. For people, our, if our audience is people in our age range,
this is like the most fascinating thing on the planet.
Okay, that's true. So we're going to do like an in-ground hot tub. We thought we'd do a pool,
but we have a pool in our neighborhood and we think we're just going to do a hot tub.
All we really care is to have a hot tub. Yeah. Our sauna comes. It's shipped. It'll be here in a
couple of weeks. Nice. We're going to like stain our back deck because it has like a bunch of clay
stains because Missouri is just like all clay. So we're going to stain it and then put the sauna
in and do a hot tub, do some like terraces and a fire pit. We're just going to make the back like
as nice as the rest of it. The front is nice. We've done a lot landscaping and everything else.
I haven't done much in the back. So that's kind of the next project. I don't know.
So I had a hot tub growing up, but it annoyingly ours was close in the winter. Are yours going to
be like a year round hot tub? Oh, really? Oh, we want a year round. That's the best time. It's like
snowing out. I was just attached to our pool. So when they close the pool, there's a kind of cover
of the hot tub also. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're going to have a year round. That's the goal. Yeah,
I think that they can do that. They just said the equipment has to be in a like heated space.
So I don't know how we're going to do that. I might lose some of my office closet, actually.
They might have to put it in there. It kind of sucks. Is a sauna something you've done before?
Is this something you're trying to get into? Yeah, every time I travel. Okay. So this is,
I've told this story before and everyone like made fun of me. I just, I'm not very relatable,
I guess. Anyway, whenever I travel, my co-founder and I will always find like if we're whatever city
we're in, we'll go to an equinox because he's like an equinox member or whatever. I guess you
have to be a member. I don't know. I've never had to pay to go to an equinox. I don't know what the
rules are. I think it's expensive and that's why people made fun of me. I mean, I was, we had
equinox when we were in New York and it was convenient because when we would visit to visit Miami,
we could just go. Yeah. So it is nice if you're like a traveling person. Yeah. So like every city
we're in, we find an equinox and we do the steam room. It's so hot. Like it burns inside your
nostrils. Like you can't feel anything but pain. And you're in there for like 10 minutes and then
you get in a cold shower and you just do that back to back. You just like rinse repeat four or five
times. It's the best I've ever felt in my life. Like every time I get out of that, I'm like,
I need to own a sauna. So we've, we've actually waited like six months for this sauna. Yeah. It
was like we ordered it and we've been waiting. So it's coming. So in New York, I live in New York,
the building I lived in, we actually had a steam room and a sauna. Actually, we had both in the,
I guess they're different things. Yeah. Yeah. So I've, oh, I've, I've done the steam room a bunch.
Actually me and Alan used to do the steam room together a bunch and we was getting there and we
sweat and he was. Yeah. He, he's a big steam room person, a steam room slash sauna person.
I would just start dying like very quickly. I got to get out of here. I can't breathe.
But I've never done the sauna. So have you done both? I guess no, I guess I always do steam rooms.
So I don't even know what the sound is going to feel like. I just know it's hot.
Yeah. I think it's pretty different because it's all dry. Right. Oh, interesting. I think
saunas are supposed to be better. I'm assuming they say it's good for your health. I don't
understand how it's good because we got an infrared one, which I wanted to get like a
traditional one just because it's, I don't know, the infrared thing weirded me out.
But everybody says, the sort of laser onto you and it like heats you up from the inside like
a microwave. I don't understand how that's healthy. How do they know? Have they actually
studied anybody long enough to know that that's good for you? Because to me, heating up my insides
sounds like a terrible thing to do. It just sounds like cancer. Wait, does it actually heat up your
insides or heat up your skin? No, it actually heats you up from the inside out. That's what I've heard.
And that's supposed to be the reason it's good, which doesn't make any sense to me.
That's really crazy. Yeah, I feel like there's not been enough studies done.
I'm going to die of like liver cancer or something because I heat it up my liver to me.
Yeah. All your healthy eating. All your healthy eating is going to be countered by
nothing later on yourself. Yeah, exactly.
That does seem a little weird. The other thing that's really cool and I think you maybe are the
person to get this because I feel like you have this space and you will just go above and beyond.
Have you seen those things that like frees you? I'm sure you have because you just kind of
sports people. Do it. So I haven't seen a thing. I know like Wim Hof, the Iceman, like getting
ice baths every day. And it's supposed to be so good for you. I don't know. I want to have like
a plunge away. We can like submerge ourselves in ice water. The thing I'm talking about though,
it's like maybe I'm remembering is wrong, but actually the gym in like my parents town actually
has one. It's like you step into this thing and it's almost like a mold of like a person and you
like get in the mold and they like close it on you. And then it just like hyper like freezes your,
I think I think they use like nitrogen or stuff. I've got what it is, but they like instantly
make you crazy cold for a short amount of time and then you get out of it and supposed to be
really great for inflammation and stuff. I think a bunch of like pro athletes do that now.
Oh, yeah. So I've heard of this and the cryotherapy. That's what it is. Yeah, the cryotherapy and
they've got like hyperbolic chambers and all this stuff. Yeah, it turns out that just like existing
in our normal atmosphere is terrible for you. You need to either be heated from the inside
or frozen, but this temperature, not good. It's like this is what decays us. It's so weird.
Yeah. Well, I felt that way about when I lived in New York, I just felt like my genetics were not
suited for the climate and I would feel like my bones hurt. And then my friend who he's from Chicago,
but like historic, like his family is from like Scandinavia. He just never had a problem with the
cold ever. And I was like, I think there's nothing to your genetics. They just adapt. Yeah. Yeah.
People up north, like in Wisconsin, even Northern Michigan, like those people, it's like they come
to the Ozarks. I mean, I know people that it's like they're in shorts. It's the middle of the
winter. It's like no big deal to them. I don't understand how that's possible, how your body can
adapt to that cold. Cold just hurts. It just hurts. I really have to pee. Like I'm bouncing.
Oh, so I, I'm, this can not be on the podcast, Chris. I'm sorry. It can be. I'm just saying it
could be cut out if you want, but I had caffeine this morning. It, listen this, this, uh, it's like
a protein shake in a bottle, but it's a coffee flavored blend. And it's like, you're supposed to
drink the whole thing. It's one serving. And I had it while I was working out. And I knew it had
caffeine and I didn't know how much 168 grams of, or milligrams of caffeine. That's a, that's a ton,
right? I don't know. I don't know how much that is. I make cups of coffee. That's a lot. It's like two
cups of coffee. They put two cups of coffee in a protein shake. I don't understand why. They had
to go out of their way to give me that much caffeine. Well, it's a workout shake then, right? Isn't that
what the workout ones are? They're like just Jack over caffeine? Yeah, I guess. How did your workout?
Was it good? It was good. Did you hear me say that I really have to pee? Like I'm, I'm hurting. You
should go pee. And I feel like you're just trying to keep me. Yeah. I gotta go. Like I gotta go. I'll be
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
Yeah, no, you're great, Adam. That's definitely what's going on.
Don't do that. You got to put it right back. I just took it right back.
Okay, I'm really going to end it.